NMS-14182: Clean up Alarmd doc formatting (#4557)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/alarms/history.adoc

> First, login to the Karaf shell of your {page-component-title} instance and configure the Elasticsearch client settings to point to your Elasticsearch cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, log in to the Karaf shell of your {page-component-title} instance and configure the Elasticsearch client settings to point to your Elasticsearch cluster.
```
